# SQL-Portfolio
Hello and welcome to my SQL portfolio. I hope that you are here because I have piqued your interest or you have a job for me. I would like to begin by giving you a little background on myself. My name is Anastasia Utke and I have a serious passion for data. I am a US ex-pat living in the UK and I possess work permissions for both countries. I live with my husband (a chef) in Cornwall, but I am always looking for opportunities. 
I have a PhD in history, and I love to learn new things. I persued my PhD knowing it was unlikely that I would use it in a professional capacity, but my love of history and the stories we weave about the past encouraged me to continue to explore my passions. At the heart of history - is data. Data fuels so much of what historians do that it is incredible to me that there aren't more historians working in data. My PhD provesthat when I put my mind to something, I see it all the way through, no matter what! 
As part of our 10 year plan, my husband and I would love to move back to the US, this would involve me getting a job that would qualify me to sponsor his visa (paid in $), however we like to say that we are open to all possibilities. Wheever the next job or role comes from, I know that I will make a great asset for your team. 
Outside of work you can find me enjoying good food, playing video games, reading murder mysteries, or enjoying a record and a bath. 
If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me. My mobile is +44 7412666253 and my email is anautke@gmail.com
